of course I'm being creed 2 yahoo today I want to present this band to you
arm for f4
rodotà as you see from griffin
and this is the packaging
now
here is this is the face
you see
easy
here present the logo of the pool with also let's say
in the google panda pocket
positioned above
then with materials we have on the front we say this
plastic
a species of cuba
the marked
with this fantasy greens quasar logo for this one instead these
as for the seven churches pavia
this loved the material weight of anti-slip shampoo
and of course the
Alberto Creatine Strap
the thing that struck me most is the power of this warcraft in the sense
that if we have app
press firmly and attach well here
laba
strap
it takes a little strength for Donald Duck
and this is a really good point in that
I certainly didn't have any risk
it will open
he has a strap on it, so I dropped a band of lake with a net fabric ribbon
home for sure brown
has a strong point
that intra bank in the%
how many eggs for adidas do this band
indeed
amino I find myself a little uncomfortable
doing everything with one hand when I have for the strap
I do everything with just one to try to insert it would make it drop and so on
instead with this very powerful piece the star maybe
close it right
i very little so leaving the broom
the cost
the strap
we will slip in. It is obviously very large, but we deliver
takes on the arm tightens so it also remains quite firm
and therefore when we have positioned it the star reopen it
after a bit of difficulty because obviously
it is hard, however, court of accounts
with one hand it is said to do
very easily
let's enter the trackpad button
so how is it the first times it will be
very
difficult insertion because
obviously the Albanian Saturday is a very narrow month then
inserting
our phone
seems to add on a
a little echo will widen
in which detergent now
it is a bit difficult in the sense that
we will have to push on the walls to widen a little here is here until
does not enter and then
city ​​pushes attentive.
at the beginning it seems almost like a stocazzo. really very tight
instead the end can be seen to adapt to perfection
o is another very positive thing
how do you stand against the screen really really well
but I don't have to crush too hard I don't have to or maybe I don't lose touch
really it was a sensitivity obviously because there is this plastic
take the screen collection but I have to say that you hardly hear the only thing
obviously that
you have to wait a minute until you touch it screen because
being
if you can see the plastic lair culpa a little
above the screen
this will not adhere perfectly
so it takes a moment to touch mbodj more to get gifted
carlos carmona time that
you really touch the
in the command smthing ale diciamo is taken perfectly
as we see
single superenalotto first ring
free sports and wellness headphones
and here behind we find xxix.
water attack
we hope this pocket
clearly tiny, you're not alone
the maximum one can assert a key is certainly not a marketing
of clear but at most one I say to find to bring her smurfs ema me
honestly I don't know how
they could wear quality headphones
in let's say that as an utility, anna is the most proof maria. for
bring only one key
may be the solution
as we see then
in the china bike these holes are present which will facilitate the launches a little
arm sadness because
material competition that tend to make you sweat
this is true because obviously being materials
a place made as you go
for optician who does I can't do queen they tried to hate doing a little
txt book
the treaty against the American book price dataton on the kite site
films are 30% ollari
what should I say
really a very good price because
so up to now I have found a really well made product
the only thing here is if I'm out of tune is a bad thing for punctilious free
when we hear our phone
this part of silver plastic as god raises
and you start to see a little but these details xd
these seams that succeed
I don't know if we say
carrera egg and at the end later
misseri is on tv de bruyne after so many you put the phone I don't know how much I can handle
this seam because it is stressed quite obviously
being immediately before
the avatar grazes perfectly adherent to the
on the sides of the phone then
this class with ampoule negative I hope they did enough
resistant and that these
this question that you start to see shows earth signs
even in advance
for the rest. of lawn 30 dollars I consider it a really great price
acceptable for a product of this kind
that lovely mind school
it is enough for all lovers of anna race, even at levels
who knows
who knows what nationality with the mind going to run contact on the tibia
ate like that is essential because he wants to carry around
go phone right and then maybe
not have
but ipod
dedicated to music go the race will simply pass everything with his
real
well it seems to me that I have said everything certain of the fortress itself
the screen responds perfectly even because it was inside
a
the caretaker is one of the most important things. to be verified
for the rest
trackback
I greet you what the mole looks like his review hello